# 1 on 1 Meetings

> One-on-one meetings are a forum for communication from manager to employee, as well as from employee to manager.

## Core Tenents 

* Never Skip one on ones.
    * Likely this is most valuable meeting in your day. 
* Aim for a weekly cadence.
    * Build cadence.
* Encourage your direct reports to bring up topics.
    * This is theri meeting as much is yours.
* Let room for your reports to open up.
    - Don't do all the talking
* Be prepared.
    * Have topics to discuss, and feedback ready
* Document the conversations
    * Make sure there is a record that can be referenced and used to track action times

## What to ask

The questions listed are meant to be guidelines and in general you should avoid asking them directly to the letter on every single instance, try to tweak and change the wording while keeping true to the intendend behind the question.

### Weekly 


* **Predictability** 
    * How clear do you feel about what's expected of you?
* **Ownership** 
    * Your satisfaction with decision power and direction?
* **Purpose** 
    * How much your work makes a difference for the team?
* **Progress** 
    * The sense of progression each week?
* **Belonging**
    * Your feeling of connection to the team?

### Every couple weeks

* **Motivators**
  * Which part of your work is most fun?
  * What's not fun about working here?
  * What are the biggest time wasters for you each week?
* **Long term goals**
  * What skills do you want to improve?
  * What career path are you looking for?
  * Who in the company would you be excited to learn more from?
  * What parts of the business would you like to be more involved in?
* **Organization awareness**
  * What don't you like about the product?
  * What's the biggest opportunity that we're missing out on?
  * What do you see as your top 3 priorities this quarter? The team’s? The org's?
  * If you were CEO, what would you do differently?
* **Manager's role**
  * What could I do to support you better?
  * If you were me, what are 1 to 3 things you would change?
  * How do you feel about the amount of feedback you are getting?
  * I need feedback. What are two things that I can do differently?
  * What's one thing we could do to improve our way of collaborating?
* **Priorities**
  * What are your top priorities this week?
  * What will success look like?
  * What are obstacles?